Added metadata for channels (#13230)
saleor/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

- Deprecate `Order.trackingClientId` field - #13146 by @SzymJ
- Fix error "Cannot return null for non-nullable field Webhook.name" - #12989 by @Smit-Parmar
- Added `GiftCardFilterInput.createdByEmail` filter - #13132 by @Smit-Parmar

> - Added `metadata` and `privateMetadata` in `ChannelInput`. #13230 by @Smit-Parmar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add metadata support for channels. #13230 by @Smit-Parmar
```
